---
layout: post
title: You're up and running!
---
## Comparing Websites
My three favorite websites are wwww.badassdigest.com, wwww.theverge.com, and wwww.thedissolve.com. I say favorite because they're probably my three most frequented sites. I like to consider myself a film and tech nerd, so these three sites cover all the bases. They're my favorite sites because of their content, but each of them presents a pretty different approach to desiging a website. Which is worth exploring.

- Badass Digest
  Badass Digest (BAD) is, hands down, best place on the internet for film discussion. The editors have cultivated a sterling community that are willing and able to talk about film without the discussing descending in to hellish vulgarity like most comment sections do. But we're here to talk about design. BAD's home page is terrifically simplistic. Your eyes are immediately drawn to the content. Big pictures linking to articles sit on tiles, stacked ontop of one another. The first thing you see is the latest post. When your mouse hovers over each one the enticing words "Would you like to know more?" appear. And, of course you do. I would describe the website as well-organized, focused, minimalist, simple, and a little against the grain. The layout seems to be intended as a way to reject the flashier designs of other sites. BAD's most compelling feature is its content. It employs a small team of writers, all with unique (and loud) voices. News Editor Evan Saathoff always finds a humorous angle a casting notice, or release date announcement. The news is transformed from information to entertainment.
  As much as I love BAD, finding that post you read last week can be a pain in the neck to find. The content on the main page is stacked, and the tiles are large, so it can be a pretty long section to scroll through. Also, it's search and tagging features don't always work intuitively.

- The Verge
  The Verge has been my number one source for tech news for the past two years. What immediately attracted me to the site, though, was its design and layout. The home page is an explosion of colorful tiles with engaging typography. The site feels modern, energetic, fresh, definitely well-branded, and at times: cluttered. The downside to the tiles design is that everything can feel like it's right on top of one another, and it can be hard to discern where one link to an article begins and another ends. I generally get to the Verge through Twitter or Facebook, so I don't spend much time on the home page. The content is great. The team at The Verge is probably one of the best in the business, producing informative, well written, and engaging reviews of the latest software and gadgets. Half of the apps I use everyday now came as suggestions from The Verge.

- The Dissolve
  The Dissolve is a recent addition to my top-sites on Safari. It's quickly become one of my favorites. Where BAD is the best place for unique voice and community discussion, The Dissolve feels like BAD's erudite older brother. That and it's design is incredible. I have yet to find a film criticism site as beautifully desigined as The Dissolve. The color palette is muted, and earthy, which feels strikingly different from the other film sites I go to. The focus of the homepage is definietly on the articles. The site feels different, almost cinematic, everything moves fluidly, panels are animated, or float. As you scroll down to the bottom the main body appears to slide up, revealing the footer. The whole site feels like an expperience, an enaging one. I'm looking forward to spending more time on it inbetween DBC assignments.